Update custom-policy-developer-notes.md (#117663)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-b2c/custom-policy-developer-notes.md

| [Sign-up and sign-in](add-sign-up-and-sign-in-policy.md) with email and password. | GA | GA| |
| [Sign-up and sign-in](add-sign-up-and-sign-in-policy.md) with username and password.| GA | GA | |
| [Profile editing flow](add-profile-editing-policy.md) | GA | GA | |

> | [Self-Service password reset](add-password-reset-policy.md) | GA| GA| Available in Mooncake cloud, but just through custom policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Self-Service password reset](add-password-reset-policy.md) | GA| GA| Available in China cloud, but only for custom policies.
```

> | [Force password reset](force-password-reset.md) | GA | NA | Available in Mooncake cloud, but just through custom policy |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Force password reset](force-password-reset.md) | GA | NA | Available in China cloud, but only for custom policies. |
```

| [Phone sign-up and sign-in](phone-authentication-user-flows.md) | GA | GA | |

> | [Conditional Access and Identity Protection](conditional-access-user-flow.md) | GA | GA | Not available for SAML applications. Limited CA features are available in Mooncake cloud. Identity Protection is not available in Mooncake cloud |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Conditional Access and Identity Protection](conditional-access-user-flow.md) | GA | GA | Not available for SAML applications. Limited CA features are available in Mooncake cloud. Identity Protection is not available in China cloud. |
```

> | [Smart lockout](threat-management.md) | GA | GA | Not available in Mooncake cloud |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Smart lockout](threat-management.md) | GA | GA | Not available in China cloud. |
```

| [Sign-up and sign-in](add-sign-up-and-sign-in-policy.md) with email and password. | GA | GA| |
| [Sign-up and sign-in](add-sign-up-and-sign-in-policy.md) with username and password.| GA | GA | |
| [Profile editing flow](add-profile-editing-policy.md) | GA | GA | |
| [Self-Service password reset](add-password-reset-policy.md) | GA| GA| Available in China cloud, but only for custom policies.
| [Force password reset](force-password-reset.md) | GA | NA | Available in China cloud, but only for custom policies. |
| [Phone sign-up and sign-in](phone-authentication-user-flows.md) | GA | GA | |

> | [Conditional Access and Identity Protection](conditional-access-user-flow.md) | GA | GA | Not available for SAML applications. Limited CA features are available in Mooncake cloud. Identity Protection is not available in China cloud. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Conditional Access and Identity Protection](conditional-access-user-flow.md) | GA | GA | Not available for SAML applications. Limited CA features are available in China cloud. Identity Protection is not available in China cloud. |
```

Reviewer: @bernawy 

I'm told that China cloud was in preview, going to GA soon.  If that's the case, then these changes need to be updated when all other updates are ready.

Author: Ok, how soon is it? What do you want me to do? Abandon this PR?
